Update creating-users-using-the-ask-password-option.md (#2667)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/learn/creating-users-using-the-ask-password-option.md

    curl -v -k --user admin:admin --data '{"schemas":[],"name":{"familyName":"Smith","givenName":"Paul"},"userName":"Paul","password":"password","emails":[{"primary":true,"value":"paul@somemail.com"}],"urn:ietf:params:scim:schemas:extension:enterprise:2.0:User":{askPassword:"true"}}' --header "Content-Type:application/json" https://localhost:9443/scim2/Users
    ```
    
       
!!! Note  

>     By default, WSO2 Identity Server would set a random value for the password if the **askPassword** claim is present in the request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default, WSO2 Identity Server sets a random value for the password if the `askPassword` claim is present in the request. 
```

    If you want to disable setting a random value and keep the "password" that is sent in the request, the following property 
    needs to be added to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment-toml` file.

> ``` toml

Author: Addressed with 4c0475db280683386f925b7cb53f3302b331eba9.
